From ancient days, agriculture is considered as the main source of supply to satisfy the daily needs of human lives. It is also considered a primary occupation, and also one of the India's major industrial sectors. The farmers are ought to follow a traditional naked eye observation and yielded healthy crops without the involvement of chemicals for animals and also to their cultivation land in order to keep healthy diversity. But nowadays, weather conditions are being rapidly changing against the elemental assets to deplete the food and increase the security. In meantime, the GDP in agricultural sector is keep on decreasing, where in 2005 it was about 17.2%, in 2012 it was 11.1, in 2018 it was 5% and in first quarterly year of 2109- 2020 it came down to 2%. Approximately 80 percent of farmers come from rural areas, and if the revenue from crop production goes down, their lifestyle would be influenced by the farms at industry level. 
. 
1.2 Summary :
From ancient days, agriculture is considered as the main source of supply to satisfy the daily needs of human lives. It is also considered a primary occupation, and also one of the India's major industrial sectors. The farmers are ought to follow a traditional naked eye observation and yielded healthy crops without the involvement of chemicals for animals and also to their cultivation land in order to keep healthy diversity. But nowadays, weather conditions are being rapidly changing against the elemental assets to deplete the food and increase the security. In meantime, the GDP in agricultural sector is keep on decreasing, where in 2005 it was about 17.2%, in 2012 it was 11.1, in 2018 it was 5% and in first quarterly year of 2109- 2020 it came down to 2%. Approximately 80 percent of farmers come from rural areas, and if the revenue from crop production goes down, their lifestyle would be influenced by the farms at industry level. 

1.3 Completion :
There may be a logical classifier, where a naive mathematician who predicts membership opportunities for each group, such as the possibility that knowledge belongs to a specific class.
So we proposed a system with the help of machine learning techniques and algorithms like Linear Regression and Random Forests Regressor to predict the crop can be grown based on different parameters entered by the user in the front end like state and district name, temperature, humidity, moisture content and pH value. Here Random Forest Regresser gave 100% accuracy and it is used as final model for crop prediction.

